Introduction

You are speaking with a customer who’s keen to
connect their CRM (Salesforce) with Slack, using the Tray.io platform. In Salesforce, “opportunities” are regularly created by sales reps to signify new deals that are being worked on.
Whenever opportunities are created, the client would like a notification to be sent to a relevant Slack channel. Webhooks are sent as a POST request in JSON format, like the following:

{
"id": "0065800000BwzJt",
"name": "Sample02",
"status": "Qualification",
"account": "Andrew Test",
"close_date": "2017-03-16",
"type": "New Business",
"country": "UK", // can also be US or EU "owner_name": "Andrew", "owner_email": "andrew@tray.io", "amount": 4500
}

We are going to take the above as input, and use the Slack API to post these Slack messages to channels on the customer’s Slack team.

The Tray.io platform provides a wrapper around the entire Slack API - all methods are available to you. You don’t need to have used Tray.io before - the key thing to understand is that Tray.io allows you to:
● Accept the webhook input above
● Make calls to the Slack API
Links that you should use:
● API homepage:  https://api.slack.com/
● API methods:  https://api.slack.com/methods


Integration requirements
Notifications should be sent to Slack in the following format:
(See Image)

The customer is a global media business and has sales teams working in the US, the UK, and the EU. As such, a different Slack channel should be notified based on the value of the country selected when creating the Opportunity:
● US: #sales-us
● UK: #sales-uk
● EU: #sales-eu  

Bonus Assignment:
As an additional requirement, let’s assume you are on a very low-cost version of Slack, that can only make 50 API calls per hour.
You see your company also has the Amazon Simple Queue Service in its toolset. How would you amend the integration to accommodate this restriction?


Test Goal
Write up a document to be presented to the client detailing how this integration could be built.
Key Sections:
● High-level requirements - a couple of sentences clearly explaining what the integration should do
● An overview of how the integration could work - for example, using a flowchart diagram
● An explanation of how the data could be mapped from the input to the Slack API
○ Reference the API methods you would use, and why
○ Mention any other requirements to make this work (e.g. config, a database, other external APIs)
● Follow up questions to clarify with the customer


What you don’t need to do:
● Reference or review the Salesforce API
● Sign up to Salesforce or Slack to test this
● Build the integration
● Send any actual API calls
● Write any code
● Tell us what software stack you’d use to build this
Please do take your time when implementing the test. It's important to show your ability to design and develop business-critical integrations and document them in a way our customers can understand. Feel free to ask any questions about the test, the role of Implementation Engineer, or just about life at Tray.
Thanks for taking the time to complete this test, on behalf of all the Tray.io Team!